MONICA DINCULESCU:
Hey Polycasters!
And welcome to a
surprise edition
of "The Meowni.ca Show."
I thought I should
steal the camera
from Rob for a little bit so
I can tell you about forms.
That's the thing that
I'm excited about.
Forms are really
awesome because you
get to send data that a
user types into a server
without doing any work
or writing any JavaScript
and that's great.
But if you've noticed,
forms don't really
work with custom elements that
you may have been writing.
Because forms only care about
the native input element.
So in Polymer we try
to fix that by making
something called an iron-form.
Iron-form is really great if
you get to control the custom
element that you're
writing, because you need
to do a little bit of
work so that it actually
talks to an iron-form.
So what I want to
do today is show you
how you can get a native form to
actually care about your custom
element with just
doing one little trick.
And that is to basically copy
a value into a hidden input
element so that the
form actually sees it.
Come to my computer, here.
So the first thing I want
to do is create a form.
And you'll notice here that I'm
using something called httpbin.
Httpbin is an awesome
service that basically
lets you send a request to it,
and it responds with the thing
that you sent.
This is really awesome
because I don't really
want to write a server
to make this demo.
Nobody does.
So whatever I send
to httpbin is going
to tell me the arguments and
the headers and the stuff.
They're great.
So I've created a form.
And I have some form styles here
included, so that it actually
looks pretty and not terrible.
So you're impressed
with my mad CSS skills.
And in this form I'm going to
put something called a birthday
input.
The thing that I'm going to demo
is basically a custom element
that gets her birthdate
so that I can send you
cake when it's
actually your birthday.
It's going to be
amazing for everyone.
So I'm going to put
an input over here.
And I'm going to put a button.
It's got a class,
so it's pretty.
And if we go over here to my
demo and I refresh my page,
I have a form.
It has a button.
Very exciting.
So let's actually implement
this custom element.
It's a birthday
input, so it's going
to have a label to tell
you what this input does.
And then I'm going
to put a date input.
That's really just two
text fields together.
And one of them is a month,
and one of them is a date.
So if I refresh my from here,
I should also import it.
So I'm going to go ahead and
include my element in the demo.
And then when I refresh it, bam.
There is an input.
The thing is, I didn't tell
the form to care about it.
So if I actually try to
submit a date in here,
http doesn't see it.
I didn't send any
arguments with that form.
And that makes sense.
We didn't do any of the magic.
So let's go ahead and do it.
So the first thing I
want to do is actually
assemble this birthday somehow.
So I'm going to create a
property called birthday
on my input, which
is just a string.
And I'm going to get it from
the thing that you type.
So I'm going to add an
event listener for input
so that every time you
type something in one
of these fields, I get an event.
In this event listener,
what I'm going to do
is just take the two values
and smash them together
with a slash.
And they're going to go into
this property called birthday.
Cool.
So that's still not going to
work because I still didn't
tell the form how to use it.
So let's do this.
I'm going to have
my input element,
and it has the birthday.
And I'm going to
bind it to a variable
so that I can actually
pass this variable to one
of my hidden inputs.
So I'm going to create this
hidden element, it's an input,
it's hidden.
So that means it doesn't
show up in your form.
Our form looks exactly the same.
And I'm going to give it a name.
Unless your input
has a name, the form
doesn't care about it either.
And then its value is going to
be the value from the birthday
input element.
So that's cool.
I've wired them up together.
And for this to actually
work in our demo,
you got to put them
inside a dumb bind.
Sweet.
All of this should work.
Let's go and refresh our demo.
It looks exactly the same.
I'm going to put in my birthday.
This is actually my birthday.
Please send me presents.
I will appreciate them greatly.
And now when I
submit, look at this.
We've sent something to httpbin.
It confirms I've
sent it a birthdate.
Everything is
working as expected.
Amazing.
And that's how you trick a
form to care about your custom
element.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you next time.
If you have any questions, put
them in the comments below,
or you can find me in Twitter.
I'm @notwaldorf.
Subscribe to the channel.
And yeah, bye friends.
[CLAP]
Hi Polycasters.
And welcome to another
edition of oh no.
This is not another edition.
[CLAP]
Hello poly-- uh [BLEEP]
Don't make me laugh!
[CLAP]
If you've noticed,
and if you try
to use them with some of our
custom elements-- uh. [BLEEP]
SPEAKER 2: Rolling [CLAP]
[CLAP]
MONICA DINCULESCU: Thanks
so much for watching.
um, I forgot everything.
God [BLEEP] this is hard.